~~ Win-X-Move v1.1 ~~
by John Tsiombikas <nuclear@siggraph.org>

This program's sole purpose, in this world of endless software, is to make
window manipulation under MS Windows, *much* easier.

No more trying to target the pesky titlebar to move a window, or the even more
elusive corners to resize it.
Now you can move any window by dragging it from anywhere while pressing the alt
key, and you can resize any window by right-mouse-button-dragging it from
anywhere while pressing the alt key (that's left alt, in both cases).

Just run winxmove.exe, it will also add a sytem tray icon which you can
double-click to easily enable/disable the functionality of win-x-move.  Also,
by right clicking on the tray icon you get a menu with various options, most
importantly which mouse button to use for resizing windows.  There is also a
quit menu item there just in case you happen to be a massochist and prefer
aiming for the window frames.

It is highly recommended to drag a shortcut of winxmove.exe to "start ->
programs -> startup" so that it starts automatically each time you log into
this pile of shit you call "operating system".

Did I mention this program only runs on ms-windows? It's because most
respectable X11 window managers support this kind of window manipulation by
default, so no point in making this cross-platform (guess where the whole idea
for this program came from).

P.S. Stop using windows. There are so many awesome, free
(http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html) UNIX systems out there, it's a
shame to be trapped in MS-land.

P.S.2 This program is free software, released under the GNU General Public
License version 2 or (at your option) any later version published by the free
software foundation. For more details, check COPYING.txt.
